[Episode 2]
What do you want?
I just want to take this body to repay
for what you did last night.
No need!
Do you really not need this?
What kind of prank is this?
Hello, Phuc.
Who are you?
Duy, Thach's younger brother.
When did you get back?
Just recently.
Where are you planning to stay?
Here, of course.
You're hiring a male domestic helper?
Linh brought him to me.
I thought when she saw you like this,
she would have run so far away.
She wants me to sign the restaurant transference.
Can you leave the room and let us talk for a while?
You haven't said sorry to me...
Why do I have to?
What did my brother do to you?
He groped me! He even pinched...
You're wasting my time with that tiny thing.
What? Tiny thing?
He tried to r*pe and then k*ll me!
Are you a girl?
You have multiple personalities?
Do not try to cross the line.
This kid!
He's kinda interesting, huh?
Perverse, stubborn,
and his words are uncivil. What kind of interesting?
You'll see.
Don't talk nonsense.
What did you do to him?
I've told you already.
You'll find him interesting.
How are your legs?
Are they hurt?
I can walk normally.
I think you need physical therapy.
It's painful enough for the eyes.
I know.
Have you eaten?
No, I haven't.
I planned to eat at the restaurant.
You should go early. Take your time.
Then, I'll go now.
Brother.
You are my only relative, you know?
Do what you want but put your health first.
Hello!
Actually, I'm also your boss, little brother.
Who is your brother?
You're such a mean mouth!
How is it?
Okay, fine. I'm sorry.
But, tell me.
You were really enjoying it, weren't you?
Stop talking nonsense!
What?
Who were in your dream?
Was that my elder brother?
Hey!
Hold on!
Use words only, not violence!
Mess around somewhere else!
So annoying!
Hey boy! Come here!
Your boss is calling you.
He can't even remember my name!
What is it?
Even a child knows how to use subjects and predicates.
Do you have a goldfish brain? You can't even remember my name!
What's your name?
Oh gosh!
You really don't remember it?
Why do I have to?
Okay!
Just keep it that way!
Maybe tomorrow there will be tons of ones
who will take your orders!
You're the most perverse one. There's no the second one.
Who's perverse?
Why did you keep throwing it carelessly?
Did you take all of them at once?
Are you crazy?
Open your mouth!
I can't see anything.
Spit it out! Spit!
You like me, don't you?
You're overconfident!
I am never wrong.
Now you are!
"Thump."
"Thump!"
Do you have any words to justify that?
Hey!
If you weren't my boss, I would have punched you in the face!
Self-overconfidence can lead to self-killing!
Open the door!
Open it!
Phuc!
You remembered my name now, huh?
But I won't do that!
Open the door.
Open it!
Phuc!
Why's he so quiet?
Are... Are you okay?
Why did you suddenly fall?
It's your fault!
Why was it my fault?
Why did you close the door?
I was polite! I had to close it when I went out!
But we don't, in this house. Got it?
No.
This kid!
What happened to your legs?
You look extremely pale with the pain!
I haven't done anything!
I'm okay.
Hey! Don't think I'm gentle that you can bully me!
I'm sorry. Okay?
I can make soup with your legs.
Not funny.
Hey, do you have any therapy
or take pills?
I think you can't underestimate this.
You don't need to care about it.
Will you die if someone cares about you?
Yes. I'll die of shame.
What happened, brother?
I'm fine.
Why do you have to hide it?
You should get physical therapy.
You can't leave it for too long.
Now, you're on an outsider's side?
Hey! Can you say something less harsh?
Whatever you say, I won't agree with that.
I'm not a busybody,
but I can't just stand there and see you dying.
Try to stand as usual!
Trust yourself.
It's okay.
Put the stick away.
Let me hold it.
You can do it.
Won't you steal my stick?
Do I look like I will need that?
You think I can look?
I mean that I'm an honest person.
Give it to me.
Okay.
Very good.
You can do it.
I don't want to do it.
What's wrong?
You're doing well!
You call that walking?
Can you find someone else walking like me?
There's no one who's both blind and lame!
You tell me.
You can't heal something that is already broken!
You know nothing!
You all know nothing!
I understand what you're feeling.
But you won't know if you don't try.
The key thing is to get up after you fall.
I believe you can make it.
Just stand up.
Please stand up.
I told you...
I believe you can do it.
Stand up, brother.
Just need to stand up.
Get your hands off me. I can do this.
Is that you, Duy?
Yes.
It's for you.
Huh, why do you give this to me?
How can I do anything when I'm like this?
Sign it.
It's all yours now.
No, I won't!
What's wrong?
Don't want it?
There'll be so much pressure.
I want to work with relaxation.
Don't worry. You'll get better soon.
When is that?
Trust me. Everything will be okay.
Now, just leave it to me. I'll take care of it.
Okay. Follow your words
Brother,
no matter it is for me, or it is for you,
please, we can get over it together.
Is it too hot?
Did you study medicine?
Why do you think so?
You are good at taking care of sick people.
If not doctor, you're a nurse.
Who do you mean to a sick one? You're in good health.
Am I not a sick person?
You can walk, speak, and eat normally.
You're very strong.
Stop being insecure or anxious about yourself.
Your life is still better than so many people's.
I believe that, one day, you can regain your sight.
At that moment, I want to see you.
If you want me to call me that way, use another tone.
Because your tone doesn't sound suitable.
Let me...
Oh... I'll get the door.
Welcome to all subscribers of Ai Linh's charitable fanpage!
- Today, I'll show you my ex-boyfriend.
- What are you doing?
This is Thach, my ex-boyfriend.
Months ago, he had a traffic accident.
He became disabled and couldn't walk again.
- He's blind, also!
- Shut up!
Give it back!
Let me go!
Even this house is going to be sold, guys!
Everyone, just think.
A poor man
will never be able to walk again,
and he's even blind.
How can he continue this life?
Are you happy? Get lost!
Son of a b*tch! Stop! Son of...
Did you forget to lock the gate again?
I've told you before.
Just one more time and I won't forgive you.
It's also not good if you always lock it.
We have visitors, and we need to go in and out.
Open it so anyone can get in here more easily?
I've told you before.
Please do as I told you.
Don't act on your own!
Yes. I know.
Just one more time and I'll fire you.